[DOC] (de-)compression docs (#2929)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

## API changes

#### I/O
 * Changed the default of `output_options::fasta_blank_before_id` to `false`
   ([\#2769](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2769)).
 * Changed the default of `bgzf_thread_count` to `4`. Previously, all available threads on the machine were utilised
   ([\#2911](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2911)).

>  * The behaviour of `bgzf_thread_count` has been adapted to affect the runtime of a program. Formerly, this variable was

Author: ```suggestion
 * The behaviour of `bgzf_thread_count` has been adapted to take effect during the whole runtime of a program. Formerly, this variable was
```

On re-reading, this might be clearer? `affect the runtime` sounds like it's faster/slower.
Will need a line break somewhere ...

Reviewer: I think this explanation is more abstract that it has to be? Why don't we explitily say that we removed the static keyword?
```suggestion
 * The global variable `bgzf_thread_count` is not static anymore. Modifying the variable now takes effect during the runtime of the entire program, while formerly, this variable was
```

>  * The behaviour of `bgzf_thread_count` has been adapted to affect the runtime of a program. Formerly, this variable was
>    specific to each translation unit ([\#2752](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2752)).

Author: ```suggestion
 * The global variable `bgzf_thread_count` is not static anymore. Modifying the variable now affects the runtime of the
   entire program. Formerly, this variable was specific to each translation unit
   ([\#2752](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/2752)).
```
